README.md, before:

# Alecktos website
This is (as of now) a website for wedding invitation and RSVP management.

## Website Colors
| Color | Hex | CSS Variable | Usage |
|-------|-----|--------------|-------|
| Sage Darker | `#4A5240` | `sage-darker` | Primary text for better contrast |
| Sage Dark | `#828C6A` | `sage-dark` | Secondary text, icons |
| Sage Light | `#A0AB89` | `sage-light` | Header background, accommodation section, input borders |
| Sage Lighter | `#C8D4B5` | `sage-lighter` | Subtle backgrounds, hover accents |
| Off-White | `#FFFAF9` | `off-white` | Input backgrounds, cards, form containers |
| Blush Lighter | `#FBF0F1` | `blush-lighter` | Subtle backgrounds, hover accents |
| Blush Light | `#F6E5E7` | `blush-light` | Page background |
| Blush Medium | `#F5D5D2` | `blush-medium` | Guest sections background, button hover states, success message background |
| Blush Dark | `#E69B97` | `blush-dark` | Primary buttons, focus rings, date overlay text |
| Blush Darker | `#D4817C` | `blush-darker` | Button hover accents, active states |
| Error | `#C45B52` | `error` | Form errors, alerts |

## Misc

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

### Learn More
To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

Commit message:

Add domain doc to readme

README.md, after:

# Alecktos website
This is (as of now) a website for wedding invitation and RSVP management.

## Domain
- Declined guest will not be added as contacts in resend.

## Website Colors
| Color | Hex | CSS Variable | Usage |
|-------|-----|--------------|-------|
| Sage Darker | `#4A5240` | `sage-darker` | Primary text for better contrast |
| Sage Dark | `#828C6A` | `sage-dark` | Secondary text, icons |
| Sage Light | `#A0AB89` | `sage-light` | Header background, accommodation section, input borders |
| Sage Lighter | `#C8D4B5` | `sage-lighter` | Subtle backgrounds, hover accents |
| Off-White | `#FFFAF9` | `off-white` | Input backgrounds, cards, form containers |
| Blush Lighter | `#FBF0F1` | `blush-lighter` | Subtle backgrounds, hover accents |
| Blush Light | `#F6E5E7` | `blush-light` | Page background |
| Blush Medium | `#F5D5D2` | `blush-medium` | Guest sections background, button hover states, success message background |
| Blush Dark | `#E69B97` | `blush-dark` | Primary buttons, focus rings, date overlay text |
| Blush Darker | `#D4817C` | `blush-darker` | Button hover accents, active states |
| Error | `#C45B52` | `error` | Form errors, alerts |

## Misc

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

### Learn More
To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.
